monitoring-example (#219)
cloudify-community/blueprint-examples: cloudify-web-monitoring-plugin/README.md

cloudify-web-monitoring-plugin
===================

# Description

> A Cloudify Plugin that monitor a URL response time and based on metrics will trigger scale up or down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Cloudify Plugin that monitors a URL response time based on metrics will trigger scale up or down.
```

> Basic contifuration includes what to monitor (URL), thresholds, limits and how to perform the scaling. Please see node type description below for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic configuration that includes what to monitor (URL), thresholds, limits and how to perform the scaling. Please see node type description below for details
```

#### Properties
- deployment_id - Deployment ID to execute scale workflow for
- scalable_entity_name - scaling group or node id that will be scaled by scale workflow. This should be defined in the blueprint used for target deployment defined in deployment_id
- delta - scaling step (number of instances to add or remove during a single scaling workflow execution)
- url - URL to monitor the response time for
- low_threshold - url response miliseconds threshold below which a scale down will be triggered (if there is more than 1 instance)
- high_threshold - url response miliseconds threshold above which a scale up will be triggered (if the scaleout_limit is not reached)
- scaleup_cooldown - minutes to wait in between scaleups
- scaledown_cooldown - minutes to wait in between scaledowns
- interval - minutes URL monitoring interval. The workflow that performs URL check will be scheduled with this rate
- scaleout_limit - maximum number of scale out workflows to execute in a sequence e.g. when scale out is called a counter is incremented and compared to this value. When scale down is called the counter is decremented
- client - optional Cloudfiy REST configuration

> ## Building the plugin

Reviewer: Let's skip the local build - just use the wagon builder. Also instruct them how to acquire the container. I think the ones on Docker hub are way out of date.

Author: added a reference to wagon builders

> 

Reviewer: Let's change the name of the folder from `cloudify-web-monitoring-plugin` to `web-monitoring-solution`

Author: done

## Building the plugin

In order to build the plugin you can use Cloudify wagon builder Docker images

you can check this repository for more info [Cloudify wagon builders](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-wagon-build-containers)

after building the docker container , for example centos-7-py3 

```

> docker run -v {path_to_plugin}/:/packaging cloudify-centos-7-py3-wagon-builder

Reviewer: `docker run -v ./web-monitoring-solution/plugin/:/packaging cloudify-centos-7-py3-wagon-builder `
